We Begin this newsour in Gaza where
Israeli military strikes have killed at
least 200 people and injured hundreds
more in several locations in a 24-hour
period prime minister Benjamin nany is
vowing to continue fighting Hamas
despite growing International pressure
to end the war a death toll of more than
18,600 Palestinians right now relatives
are mourning the deaths of at least 27
seven people killed in Israeli strikes
on two houses in the city of RAF in the
south of Gaza Israeli bombs have caused
mass destruction in the densely
populated city of jabalia in the north
meanwhile a teenager been shot dead
during an Israeli military operation in
the Janine refugee camp in the occupied
West Bank more than 600 people have been
arrested just the past 3 days the UN
says almost 1 million displaced
Palestinians that's nearly half the
population of Gaza are now Sheltering
around ra hash begins our
coverage this is home for tens of
thousands of displaced
Palestinians the 10th city spraing
across the desert irfa Southern Gaza is
the latest temporary shelter for
families who have been displaced again
and again since the beginning of
Israel's
war this family left their home in sh
all the way in the north they moved to
anat in central Gaza but that was bombed
too so they decided to go to Kan yunas
where Israel said Palestinians would be
safe now KH yunas is the focus of heavy
air strikes so Noah and 50 members of
her extended family ended up here in
this desolate area of
Rafa we have nothing here except for
this nylon that we used to cover
ourselves no food no water no toilets no
furniture at least at a school we used
to get Aid here there is
nothing they traumatized and terrified
of more Israeli attacks they're
grappling with a tough
reality is originally from ATI born in a
refugee camp she never imagined her life
there would be shattered and that she
would end up fleeing for the sake of her
family's safety but not knowing where to
go they sought refuge in Al shifa
Hospital in Gaza City but it was a short
[Music]
day the hospital was bombarded and it
became dangerous with trapnel flying
over our heads we left in a hurry
without even taking anything of our
belongings it was so scary we had to go
on a road controlled by the Israelis
raf's Hamed hospital is where many
displaced families are converging but as
their numbers increase the conditions
become
worse our life is a tragedy there are no
toilets we try to come up with Solutions
so we can survive we walk a kilometer
hoping to get water which is often salty
and undrinkable words cannot sum up our
suffering and there's no end inside to
the war
Israel says it will continue its
bombardment until Hamas is
defeated and in the middle of the
attacks the 2.3 million Palestinians
living in Gaza are battling hunger
disease and cold many have lost
everything friends loved ones homes
belongings and many fear this could be
just the beginning of an endless another
Exodus hash Al
jaaz well Han Mahmud is live from Us in
Raf in southern Gaza last time we spoke
hany we were talking about the Kuwaiti
hospital and Strikes there what can you
tell us about the situation
now yes there is still a bit of chaos
inside the hospital Sammy and then since
the last time we spoke things are
getting worse and and worse and there is
a growing fear that the intensity of the
uh the strikes will continue to Surge as
we are drawing to the end near the the
end of the day but within the past 45
minutes or so an air strike targeted a
residential home just a five minutes
drive away from the hospital is a
densely populated a neighborhood known
in in ra neighborhood where residential
home belongs to aladi family was
targeted and destroyed completely in the
courtyard of the hospital at the
emergency reception uh we we counted at
least 15 of of the critically injured
the the vast majority of them were
children and women brought to uh to the
hospital there just within the past few
minutes the hospital announced here that
they were two reported killed in the air
strikes two adults and one one uh
two-year-old uh baby girl died in the in
those in this attack on the residential
uh building uh
some of the very critical injuries
inside the hospital were transferred
right away to a larger size bigger size
in hospital in raah just for better uh
medical treatment they are better
equipped and ready to receive cases that
are critical conditions and this is part
of a long series of of blood shedding
going on since the early hours of this
morning and late hours of last night
where two residential homes were
destroyed and more than 27 people
reported killed and there are more still
under the dbls the last time we heard it
from the rescue team on the ground they
they find it very difficult to remove
those large pieces of concrete to to
save who might have still survived
surviving under under the
rubbles and hany what do we know about
people who have been rounded up at the
kamalan
hospital
yes well this is part you know Sammy
this has been going on for a while now
now Kam is a very small midsize Hospital
remaining Hospital in the northern part
but came out of service as Israel
constantly targeted and bombed the
hospital and what we're seeing since the
the early hours of yesterday's morning
when the isra military completely
surrounded the hospital and started
targeting the medical staff there
reports about members of medical team
were killed some of the evacuees were
actually shot at directly by the snipers
in the vicinity of the hospital on the
all the highrise uh building but what's
going on there is a particular video uh
that that has been circulated and and
just part of isra propaganda of what's
going on the hospital at this particular
time since the beginning of every
hospital a requested a a support
security Personnel inside the hospital
we're talking about members of the
police department they work inside the
hospital at this emergency just to keep
security and maintain order as this time
it gets really chaotic and it it bars
medical team from working so what the
Israeli military been doing since
yesterday all day long been calling on
loud speaker asking for all the security
Personnel inside the hospital to come
out with their weapons uh but what we're
seeing today is a video
that talking about that these are
Fighters or operatives inside the
hospital and these are their weapons but
we just a little bit of Investigation
just to look at the kind of weapons the
bats that they're holding you can right
away conclude that these are security
Personnel they were there for the
maintaining the order and the stability
just happened to be caught inside the
hospital uh uh because they there was no
way to leave as the entire area was
under heavy bombardment for the past
weeks we're talk about day to-day uh
bombardment inside and and outside the
vicinity and the whole area uh uh of
jabalia and we can just with with
confidence according
to the spokes person of the health
Ministry who stated that these are
security personnel and the Z military
was requesting them to come out of the
hospital uh with their hands above their
head and to put their their weapons uh
in front of them and that's what
happened today but calling them
operatives and and fighter is just very
it's false and it just contradicts what
the Israeli military did with the loud
speakers yesterday all right we'll leave
it that thanks so much H Mahmud